fix(lint): ignore multiline literals in useTemplate rule (#5085)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/orange-gifts-burn.md

---
"@biomejs/biome": patch
---

> `useTemplate` lint rule now ignores concatenated literals that is fold to multiple lines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix [#4947](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/4947): the `useTemplate` lint rule now ignores concatenated literals folded to multiple lines.
```
